feat(Style guide): Added the image annotations page (#10888)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/style-guide/images/image-annotations.mdx

If you need to use image annotations:

* Be concise.
* Make sure annotations are easy to distinguish from UI text. For example, you may need to offset your boxes so they don't look like UI elements.
* Annotations aren't translated, so use them sparingly.
* Don't use an annotation at the top that acts like a title. Use a caption.
* Use our [New Relic SnagIt theme](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-doc-tools) (link only available to New Relic employees) to keep your annotations consistent.

## Install the New Relic SnagIt theme [#install-theme]

  Follow these steps:
    1. Ensure you're running the latest version of SnagIt.
    2. In GitHub Desktop, clone the [repo](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-doc-tools) locally.
    3. Open SnagIt and select any tool to open the right nav.
    4. Under the **Quick Styles** pane in the right nav, select the **Theme** gear icon, then **Import**.

> 

Reviewer: @nbaenam what do you think about adding a few more steps?

5. In `(YOUR_GIT_DIRECTORY)/newrelic-doc-tools/themes` select  `New-Relic-Docs.snagtheme`.
6. After you've imported this theme, go to **Quick Styles** in SnagIt and select the theme called `new-relic-green`.

## Callout boxes [#callout-boxes]

Use callouts to highlight an element within a screenshot. If possible, don't add text to screenshots, that's what our docs are for. Callout boxes should not obstruct any of the elements they're calling out. For example, a callout box around a UI button shouldn't cover any part of the button. If possible, insert a two-pixel clearance between the UI element and the callout box.

This is the format for adding callout boxes:
  * Shape: square or rectangle, transparent fill, no border-radius.
  * Border color: #00CE7C

>   * Line width: 5px

Reviewer: @nbaenam I just realized that SnagIt uses "pt" instead of "px." They are slightly different, so will that affect the value you want? in this case, the value should be "5pt"

  * Opacity: 100%
  * Line style: solid
  * No shadows

<img
  title="Example of a callout box"
  alt="Example of a callout box"
  src={styleguideExampleCalloutBox}
/>

<figcaption>
  This is an example of a callout box.
</figcaption>

## Callout text [#callout-text]

> Screenshots shouldn't require a text callout 99 percent of the time; `<figcaptions>` and written content before or after the image should be sufficient to explain the screenshot. However, if a text box is required, it shouldn't overlap any essential UI text or elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Screenshots shouldn't require a text callout 99 percent of the time; `<figcaption>`s and written content before or after the image should be sufficient to explain the screenshot. However, if a text box is required, it shouldn't overlap any essential UI text or elements.
```

> If you've to add text to a screenshot, follow this format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to add text to a screenshot, follow these guidelines:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

  * Shape: square or rectangle, fill color #00CE7C.
  * Border color: #00CE7C

>   * Line width: 5px

Reviewer: @nbaenam I just realized that SnagIt uses "pt" instead of "px." They are slightly different, so will that affect the value you want? in this case, the value should be "5pt"

  * Opacity: 100%
  * Line style: solid
  * No shadows
  * Font: Arial bold #FFFFFF, size 24px, left justified

<img
  title="dashboards_api_entity_section.png"
  alt="dashboards_api_entity_section.png"
  src={apisanddataNerdGraphDashboardEntity}
/>

<figcaption>
  An example of a callout with text.
</figcaption>

## Arrows [#arrows]

Use a single-headed arrow or an arrow with arrowheads on each end in your screenshot when you want to reference elements within the UI.

If you use an arrow, try to not overlap any essential UI text or elements.

This is the format for adding an arrow:
  * Opacity: 100%

>   * Line width: 7px

Reviewer: @nbaenam I just realized that SnagIt uses "pt" instead of "px." They are slightly different, so will that affect the value you want? in this case, the value should be "7pt"

---
title: Best practices for using image annotations
contentType: page
template: basicDoc
topics:
  - Basic style guide
  - Writing guidelines
---

import styleguideExampleCalloutBox from 'images/style-guide_screenshot-full_example_callout_box.png'

import apisanddataNerdGraphDashboardEntity from 'images/apis-and-data_screenshot-full_NerdGraph-dashboard-entity.png'

import styleguideExampleArrow from 'images/style-guide_screenshot-full_example_arrow.png'

> Image annotations are text and shapes in screen captures or diagrams that help to highlight information and focus attention on the most important aspects of the screenshot. Avoid the use of text inside a screenshot, use [captions](/docs/style-guide/images/screenshots-images/#captions) instead.

Reviewer: I would put "To" at the beginning: "To avoid the use of text inside a screenshot, use [captions](/docs/style-guide/images/screenshots-images/#captions) instead.

Author: ok, I'm going to add it. Thanks!!

If you need to use image annotations:

* Be concise.
* Make sure annotations are easy to distinguish from UI text. For example, you may need to offset your boxes so they don't look like UI elements.
* Annotations aren't translated, so use them sparingly.
* Don't use an annotation at the top that acts like a title. Use a caption.
* Use our [New Relic SnagIt theme](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-doc-tools) (link only available to New Relic employees) to keep your annotations consistent. 

> 

Reviewer: I would add an h2 here: Install the theme.

Then, you could have an introductory sentence like this: We have a SnagIt theme that helps us use the same conventions for annotations.

Author: Yes, added now, sorry.

  To install the New Relic SnagIt theme:
    1. Ensure you're running the latest version of SnagIt.
    2. In GitHub Desktop, clone the [repo](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-doc-tools) locally.
    3. Open SnagIt and select any tool to open the right nav.
    4. Under the **Quick Styles** pane in the right nav, select the **Theme** gear icon, then **Import**.

## Callout boxes [#callout-boxes]

> Use callouts to highlight an element within a screenshot. If possible, don't add text to screenshots, that's what our docs are for. Callout boxes should not obstruct any of the elements they're calling out. For example, a callout box around a UI button shouldn't cover any part of the button. If possible, a 2-pixel clearance should be given between the UI element and the callout box.

Reviewer: @nbaenam I would use active voice: If possible, insert a two-pixel clearance between the UI element and the callout box.

Author: Good catch!

This is the format for adding callout boxes:
  * Shape: square or rectangle, transparent fill, no border-radius.
  * Border color: #00CE7C
  * Line width: 5px
  * Opacity: 100%
  * Line style: solid
  * No shadows

<img
  title="Example of a callout box"
  alt="Example of a callout box"
  src={styleguideExampleCalloutBox}
/>

<figcaption>
  This is an example of a callout box.
</figcaption>

## Callout text [#callout-text]

> Screenshots shouldn't require additional text on them in 99% of all situations; it's the job of the written documentation itself to explain what is being represented in the screenshot. However, if a text box is required, it shouldn't overlap any essential elements of the UI.

Author: Thank you for the change! Modified!

> In case of adding text, follow this format:

Reviewer: @nbaenam maybe revise like this: "If you have to add text to a screenshot, follow this format:"

Reviewer: What did you think of this idea?

Author: Yes, much better. Added, thanks!

  * Shape: square or rectangle, fill color #00CE7C, no border-radius.

>   * Border color: #00CE7C

Reviewer: @nbaenam I'm not sure you need border here since the entire box is filled with green.

Author: You're right, @rhetoric101, I'm going to delete that part.

Reviewer: I am still seeing a border.

  * Line width: 5px
  * Opacity: 100%
  * Line style: solid
  * No shadows
  * Font: Arial bold #FFFFFF, size 24px, left justified

<img
  title="dashboards_api_entity_section.png"
  alt="dashboards_api_entity_section.png"
  src={apisanddataNerdGraphDashboardEntity}
/>

<figcaption>
  An example of a callout with text.
</figcaption>

## Arrows [#arrows]

> Use a single-headed arrow in your screenshot when you want to highlight an element within the UI. If you decide to add an arrow to a screenshot, try to not overlap any essential elements of the UI.

Author: Done!

> Use a single-headed arrow in your screenshot when you want to highlight an element within the UI. If you decide to add an arrow to a screenshot, try to not overlap any essential elements of the UI.

Reviewer: @nbaenam what about arrows with tips at each end?

Author: I think we usually use single-headed arrows to highlight a specific part of the UI, but, maybe we can add that you can use a two-headed arrow if you need it. Is that what you mean? I'm not an expert here...

Reviewer: In the previous theme, we had an arrow with arrowheads on each end. This was to show back-and-forth flow between items. I haven't used this much, but you might mention it.

Author: Yes, you're right. Added!
